Add Terraform code to deploy the CCF application on AWS (#563)
cloud-carbon-footprint/cloud-carbon-footprint: terraform/README.md

# CCF Infrastructure Setup (AWS/Terraform)

## Overview

This directory contains basic infrastructure code to setup the application in AWS using basic services such as EC2, IAM, Route53. The goal is to have a simple and generic setup that can be configured to each customer needs.

> Although the aim was to remain generic, some things might not be entirely applicable to your particular case e.g. you might not have a VPN setup to access private compute instances. You should consider revisit the architecture and adjust the infrastucture accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the aim was to remain generic, some things might not be entirely applicable to your particular case e.g. you might not have a VPN setup to access private compute instances. You should consider revisiting the architecture and adjusting the infrastructure accordingly.
```

> Although the aim was to remain generic, some things might not be entirely applicable to your particular case e.g. you might not have a VPN setup to access private compute instances. You should consider revisit the architecture and adjust the infrastucture accordingly.

Reviewer 2: revisiting

## Architecture

> This general architecture for the infrastucture components consist of the following components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general architecture consists of the following components:
```

- EC2 instance and instance profile
- EC2 Security Group
- IAM Policies and Roles
- ElasticIP
- Route53 DNS Record
- S3 Bucket (Terraform State Management)

### EC2 instance

It is the compute resource on which the CCF tool will run. It is configured to run on a private subnet, and to be provisioned using user data.

> The user data script is provided in the `install.sh` file, and it contains all the necessary steps to setup the application in this cloud instance. Make sure that you replace EVERY placeholder within that install file with the appropriate values to your case. This are exactly the same ones that you configure the `.env` files for both the client and the API. [Read more](https://www.cloudcarbonfootprint.org/docs/aws).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user data script is provided in the `install.sh` file, and it contains all the necessary steps to setup the application in this cloud instance. Make sure that you replace EVERY placeholder within that install file with the appropriate values to your case. These are exactly the same ones that you would use to configure the `.env` files for both the client and the API. [Read more](https://www.cloudcarbonfootprint.org/docs/aws).
```

### EC2 Security Group

It allows traffic towards the CCF app running in the EC2 instance. Therefore, it specifies an ingress rule in the appropriate port. Make sure that if you want the app running on a different port, you should also change the `install.sh` to reflect that in the `PORT` variable.

### IAM policies and roles

They define the permissions needed to access the AWS services required by the CCF application (Athena, Glue, Cost Explorer, and S3).

### Elastic IP

We create an ElasticIP to be attached to the EC2 instance. This EIP will later be associated to the DNS record.

### Route53 DNS record

A DNS record within a private/public hosted zone that will allow to map a `HOST` name to the EIP private IP (your instance IP).

> ### S3 buck`et

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### S3 bucket
```
